Add the retrive function to fetch single files (#152)
fatiando/pooch: README.rst

Example
-------

> For a **scientist downloading a data file** for analysis:

Author: ```suggestion
A **scientist downloading a data file** for analysis:
```

.. code:: python

    from pooch import retrieve

    # Download the file and save it locally. Running this again will not cause
    # a download. Pooch will check the hash (checksum) of the downloaded file
    # against the given value to make sure it's the right file (not corrupted
    # or outdated).
    fname = retrieve(
        url="https://some-data-server.org/a-data-file.nc",
        known_hash="md5:70e2afd3fd7e336ae478b1e740a5f08e",
    )

> For **package developers** including sample data in their projects:

Author: ```suggestion
A **package developer** including sample data in their project:
```
